Interview Questions:
What is Git
What is Version Control System
What are the Advantages of using a VCS?
What is the difference between Git & SVN?
What is the difference between Git & GitHub?
What language is used in Git?
Mention various Git Repository hosting functions
What is a repository in Git?
What is a bare repository in Git?
What is a commit message?
Explain some basic Git commands?
    git init:
    git status:
    git clone <url>: Creates a working copy of a local repository 
    git add: Add 1 or more files to this staging area of git.
    git commit: commits any files you added with git add also commit any files you changed 
    git push origin master: sends changes to the master branch remote repository 
How do you fix a broken commit: We can fix the broken commit using git commit - - amend.
What is a conflict in git?
How do you resolve a conflict in Git?
How do revert a commit that has already been pushed and made public?
What is SubGit?
What is the difference between Git pull & Git fetch?
What is staging area or index?
What is the use of git instaweb?
What is git is-tree? Git is-tree represents a tree object including the mode and the name of each item and the SHA-1 value of the tree
What is git stash?
What is the function of git stash apply?
What work is restored when the deleted branch is recovered
Explain the difference between git status and git diff?
Mention the difference between git clone and git remote?
What is git stash drop?
How to find a list of files that changed during a commit?
What is the function of git config?
What does commit object contain?
Describe the branching strategies that you have used?  -- Feature, Task, Release
Explain the advantages of working workflow
How to check whether a branch has already been merged into the master?
Why is it desirable to create an additional commit rather than amending an existing commit?
What does hook comprise of in git?
How do you return a commit that has just been pushed and made open?
 How to remove a file from git without removing it from your file system?
Could you explain git workflow?
Explain the difference between head, working tree and index
Explain the difference between fork, branch, and clone
What are the different ways by which you can refer to a commit?
What is the difference between rebasing and merge?
Mention the difference between revert and reset?
How to squash last N commits into a single commit?
What is git bisect? How do you use it to determine the source of a bug?
How do you integrate git with Jenkins
How do you configure a repository to run code sanity checking tools right before making commits?
What is git cherry-pick?
What is git reflog? – git reflog
How to recover a deleted branch using git reflog?
Mention some of the git reflog sub commands? 
